src/posts/2018/10/post-2.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/posts/singlepost.11ty.js
tags: post
title: "Post 2 with its UNIQUE title" # Quotation marks allow colons, semicolons, etc.
subtitle: "The UNIQUE Post 2 subtitle" # Quotation marks allow colons, semicolons, etc.
description: "The UNIQUE description for Post 2." # Quotation marks allow colons, semicolons, etc.
author: Your name goes here
date: 2018-10-25T07:40:00 # This would be 7:40 (0740) AM UTC on Oct. 25, 2018
lastmod: 2020-06-13T13:10:00 # Comment-out this line with a # if content is unchanged
featured_image: computer-1869236_3264x2448.jpg # Or whatever image you want to use
featured_image_alt: Backlit computer keyboard # Always include an ALT tag for accessibility
featured_image_caption: "Image: Pixabay" # Quotation marks allow colons, semicolons, etc.
---

Your opening text goes here.

## In-article heading --- it's an H2 because your title is the H1

And after another paragraph or two or three, you may want to add a subheading, which would be an H3, so it would be like the following.[^fnExample]

[^fnExample]: Also, if you want to do footnotes in Markdown, this is how it's done. There's code in the `.eleventy.js` file to handle it properly (including **not** encasing the body copy's footnote reference numbers in brackets, thus overriding what unfortunately is the typical behavior with the usual plugin for the `markdown-it` parser.)

### Subheading (H3)

Text here.

And here's an example of how to use the `lazypicture` shortcode in `/src/utils/lazy-picture.js`:

{% lazypicture "Early-Web-font-grfx-1-2018-10-16_1218x1296.jpg", "Image from Apple website in 1999 showing graphic elements as text" %}

Closing text. That ends Post 2!

Commit message:

Use eleventy-img for image processing

src/posts/2018/10/post-2.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/posts/singlepost.11ty.js
tags: post
title: "Post 2 with its UNIQUE title" # Quotation marks allow colons, semicolons, etc.
subtitle: "The UNIQUE Post 2 subtitle" # Quotation marks allow colons, semicolons, etc.
description: "The UNIQUE description for Post 2." # Quotation marks allow colons, semicolons, etc.
author: Your name goes here
date: 2018-10-25T07:40:00 # This would be 7:40 (0740) AM UTC on Oct. 25, 2018
lastmod: 2020-06-13T13:10:00 # Comment-out this line with a # if content is unchanged
---

Your opening text goes here.

## In-article heading --- it's an H2 because your title is the H1

And after another paragraph or two or three, you may want to add a subheading, which would be an H3, so it would be like the following.[^fnExample]

[^fnExample]: Also, if you want to do footnotes in Markdown, this is how it's done. There's code in the `.eleventy.js` file to handle it properly (including **not** encasing the body copy's footnote reference numbers in brackets, thus overriding what unfortunately is the typical behavior with the usual plugin for the `markdown-it` parser.)

### Subheading (H3)

Text here.

And here's an example of how to use the `image` shortcode (which uses the `eleventy-img` plugin):

{% image "./src/images/Early-Web-font-grfx-1-2018-10-16_1218x1296.jpg", "Image from Apple website in 1999 showing graphic elements as text" %}

Closing text. That ends Post 2!
